Open sidepanel as viewer (#2014)
swisstopo/swissgeol-boreholes-suite: CHANGELOG.md

- Number inputs in the borehole sections, hydrogeology, completion and layer descriptions are now displayed with thousand separators.
- The borehole geometry charts and tables now display numbers with thousand separators.
- Bump data extraction API version to v1.0.30.

> - The panel displaying PDF is now also visible when editing is not enabled.

Reviewer: PP
```suggestion
- The panel displaying the PDF is now also visible when editing is disabled.
```
